Create page in dev docs on individual identity.mdx (#821)
ethereum-optimism/docs: pages/chain/identity/individuals.mdx

---
title: Individual identity
lang: en-US
description: Learn about how individual identity is represented in the Optimism Collective.
---

## Individual Identity

> In the Optimism Collective, individuals are represented by their unique identifier generated via the **[Farcaster protocol id registry](https://docs.farcaster.xyz/reference/contracts/reference/id-registry)**. To register a new user id, you can use the **[Farcaster Id Gateway](https://docs.farcaster.xyz/reference/contracts/reference/id-gateway)**. Most new users register their id via the Warpcast app, which creates a new custody address for users and acts as a wallet.
> 
> Attestations can be made about individuals by leaving the recipient address blank and entering the user’s id into the attestation metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Optimism Collective represents individuals using unique identifiers generated through the **[Farcaster protocol id registry](https://docs.farcaster.xyz/reference/contracts/reference/id-registry)**. This system ensures a secure and standardized approach to identity management within the collective.

### Registering a User ID

To obtain a unique identifier:

1. Use the **[Farcaster Id Gateway](https://docs.farcaster.xyz/reference/contracts/reference/id-gateway)**
2. Use the Warpcast app, which:

* Creates a new custody address
* Acts as a wallet

### Making Attestations

When you make attestations about individuals:

* Leave the recipient address blank
* Enter the users id into the attestation metadata

```

> 
> You can read more about individual identity in **[the governance docs](https://community.optimism.io/docs/identity/project-and-individual-identity-in-the-collective/#building-a-digital-identity)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Further Reading

For more details on individual identity in the Optimism Collective, refer to the **[the governance docs](https://community.optimism.io/docs/identity/project-and-individual-identity-in-the-collective/#building-a-digital-identity)** on building a digital identity.
```
